hi this is John on behalf of expert
village in this video clip we'll be
installing our back piece once we've dry
fit our back piece and make sure that
that fit pretty snugly we need to remove
that so we can get ready to glue it and
pin nail it the pin nails on the left
here are the ones that I use when
installing my trim they're about an inch
and a quarter long however when I
install my back piece I don't need to go
through as much material so I've got
this much shorter pin nail if you take a
look at the back I have this little gap
here and when I pull my sides together
it closes that tells me that one of my
sides is just a little bit warped a lot
of times when you're using lumber and
long lengths here we have a six foot
long bookshelf the boards tend to warp
or they could crown a little we need to
correct this when we're putting in our
back piece so that when it's standing up
on the wall it looks straight first I'm
going to put a small amount of glue
around my entire project on that rabbit
when I put the back piece on it's going
to secure to that glue and that's going
to hold my project nice and square next
we're going to position our back piece
in place after that I'm going to place a
clamp on the section that bows
and just pull it in tight then I'm going
to put a few pin nails in to hold it in
place now I'm actually going to angle
the gun into my lumber so it doesn't
show through on accident and we'll go
ahead and go around and put a few nails
in